Michael Jordan 4 million dollar-a-year
superstar leaping twirling flying
through the air like a man unleashed
from gravity I mean the first time I
ever saw Michael Jordan is our cam and I
said I think I just saw the best it's
the four inch high school player I've
ever seen what Michael can do Michael
Jordan in high school no lots of them
got cut from the varsity team you think
where he came from as a sophomore in
high school not to making varsity team
three years in these national players in
here your tongue hanging out so much
I've always been worried about somebody
coming up with an elbow and just
knocking it right off let me tell you
little bit about this guy you worked so
hard one year he was running a four six
forty
[Applause]
from one year to the next he knocked
that down from a four 640 told four
three four
[Applause]
superstar
seconds go on the check
your biggest shot and not come out of
history for first-year guy to come up
and be that willing to take that shot
[Applause]
as my mother or my probably would say
that changed Mike Jordan to make the day
the United States Olympic came I guess
the NBA of if I were going to pick the
best athletes I've ever seen play
basketball I think he's the best athlete
I've ever seen play basketball it's no
secret of surprising how great he was in
my opinion Michael Jordan has an
opportunity to become one of the
all-time great basketball players did
not lose a game either against the NBA
players in their exhibition series real
competition is flying through the air
with your tongue out in front of the
baddest mother basketball players in the
world
[Applause]
the kicking stood on the level they've
never seen before
as captain of the US Olympic basketball
team last summer he brought in the gold
Jordan says he owes everything to his
parents he gave his gold medal to his
mother welcome to the 1984 NBA College
draft during the 1984 NBA Draft the
Blazers passed up on Michael Jordan to
take center Sam Bowie's second overall
selects Sam Bowie University
pick Michael Jordan
[Applause]
we started practicing our first day in
pre-season
and I got a call after practice from an
assistant coach and said you didn't mess
this draft up
[Applause]
the first time he stepped on a
professional floor all you had to do was
look to see there was an artist at work
feels that he can do whatever he wants
and you're in some sort of a different
zone when you're out there I'm not sure
people really know how good this guy is
they usually concentrate on the fact
that what a beautiful dunker is if he
didn't dunk a basketball he would be as
great as anyone who ever played this
game
[Applause]
I'm surprised how fast I'm picking up
the game round we'll put it in here's
where you pussies may go for three or
clear Thomas a three-pointed an assassin
personify that had that killer instinct
a killer instinct that he came into the
league which he has an ability to take
control of a game to make the Big Shot
picks up the one trait down to 12
seconds you see the clock now but insert
it into screen George George driving
he'll go for it that's it of this guy
Michael Jordan the rookie a lot of
adjectives already I'm gonna tell my
kids brought is the sheer will to win
the unflappable unshakable confidence
he got it here comes Indiana burn 22
seconds one second he didn't get it off
in time supposed to run the ball game
the Bulls have won the ball game Michael
Jordan
about pressurizes he arrived the stadium
which used to be 2/3 empty has been sold
out every game just substitute to Knicks
right there it could be Jordan laws
Lakers Jordan laws Celtics and
everything else everywhere you go you're
getting this kind of thing last night
their first appearance at the garden and
he has shot to stardom already although
still in his first month as professional
no by lacking in point-blank I never
seen him I play like he plays by creep
tried to get it away but roughed up by
daily it gets it away to Jordan
he was the first to wear the number 23
and the young Madonna in the crowd you
know he had the ick factor there was a a
James Dean alone Ranger quality to most
players really don't have to worry about
that it up on the board you're trying to
go one-on-one he lost the ball Michael
Jeffrey Jordan is the greatest
basketball player
[Music]
he made me want to be a NBA basketball
player
Wow
[Applause]
and you believe it the rookie from this
Carolina
well I can't fight like an all-pro we
all know that Michael Jordan just agreed
with the basketball
wherever nobody that I've seen had the
type of mental toughness that Michael
Jordan after heavy pressure 35 second
question
and on the court it was perfection the
way he wore his uniform the sock slope
the sneakers sent people into a frenzy
was the fuse the first three so many
things and Nike was coming out with a
clothing line called Air Jordan oh yes
his own shoes they call it Air Jordan
this is hot as a Cabbage Patch doll
right now the endorsements are fast and
furious Gordon's getting with his two
Tonko salary is reportedly more than
half a million dollars a year when
McDonald's for $800,000 North Carolina
to the height of superstore
he doesn't wear one white glove he wears
strange-looking shakers and he soars
through the air
Jordan is a key reason overall league
attendance is up more than 7% mark of
Michael Jordan asked for in less than a
year he's been named a collegiate player
of the year he's won an Olympic gold
medal the NBA on fire and he's been
picked to start in Sunday's all-star
game participated in the jumps in in the
dunk contest lead on he was the first
[Music]
candidates for Rookie of the Year honors
these fans
[Music]
he wants to indicate where he's going to
take our pond this time
here's Michael Jordan on the Chicago
Bulls
[Music]
[Applause]
you can fly him hello I said so many
people that we're fortunate in our
lifetime to a scene of magnitude rather
than be born there you should man only
hear about the legacy
artis Gilmore
[Music]
you don't think that jordan gets
mythologized out of proportion in fact
if anything he becomes underrated loser
time driving michael jordan is just this
ultra bad mother
[Applause]
it's not lonely at all Chicago has
virtually doubled its attendance it's a
whole generation of kids now is going to
swear by LeBron James because if you're
watching LeBron James it's hard to
imagine that anyone who's ever better
than that but kids I'm here to tell you
there was someone better than the cradle
for his tenth flying out of the box
you're going to call time here's a
cookie highlighting NBA news the Chicago
Bulls in an unfamiliar spot they're
still on top three games into the season
they won again tonight what's
interesting about last night was the
fact that star Michael Jordan was
injured early in the game on a total of
64 games
Michael defied the recommendations of
his team doctors and management came
back and led his team to the playoff Air
Jordan is no longer time Jordan the
Chicago Bulls are in the playoffs and
there are no restrictions on Michaels
playing time the only question that
remains is is Michael Jordan really back
Michael you know scoring 60 in Boston
Garden in the playoff game to me was the
first athlete who had great fundamentals
most super athletes depend on the fact
that they could just jump over you a run
by you but he took it technically this
is Game two of our best of five first
round Chicago had a 12 point lead in the
first
the game against the Celtics the jumper
but earthly pretty well defensively
against Jordan Michael Jordan has eight
points and is the game going based on
Michael Jordan 21 points I mean against
the Celtics and net at that time who had
one of the best teams ever
so now we'll see how Chicago responds to
that knockdown
uses quickness and it works Michael
Jordan with 44 now on the ball
[Applause]
what's the Suffolk into - Larry burns
and God in and abettin and short waxed
up with Michael Jordan drop 63
a ball against
with no time showing on the clock
[Applause]
and send the game
we'll call it him god it moved Larry
Bird and say that's not Michael Jordan
that's God
disguised as Michael Jordan Jordan with
an all-time record 63 points in a single
playoff game Jordan was always been yeah
he scored 63 points in an off game
I think he played with us for I love it
you know everyone's picking us to do
somewhat bad and it takes all fresh off
this team watched you know get ready to
hit it all the way down to corner with
Michael going baby
[Applause]
when they started trying to crown him
early on he didn't believe in that he
thought I didn't belong and I felt like
I had to prove myself just like when I
was at North Carolina I had the drive
the pleadings for michael jordan
averaging 37 points a game boom perfect
timing
got the best defensive player in the
league he's the best offensive player
and he's the best competitor by jordan
apollo theist gets it
Pierce on the dribble off to the right
takes it in nine times first team
all-defensive in via
[Music]
you
slam dunk championship Michael Jordan
Dominique Wilkins just you take this for
granted now but just the dunking and
just him being in the slam dunk contest
wearing his shoes everybody wanted those
shoes everybody want to seem the dunk
that's like all you cared about
Dominique versus Michael in a dunk
contest was like Hagler Hearns hobbit I
lead Joe Frazier
[Applause]
now Jordan does have his first taste of
pressure in the slam dunk averages
Michael say well I got one bet I'm gonna
kick my ladies out here's a heavyweight
fight this is what everybody was
building up force
[Applause]
be hard not to give trip to that one
they both got fifties on their person
dunks
all right of all what do we call it a
make good I mean that's a two hand
window was it started for Michael Jordan
here's the story
Wilkins finish
[Applause]
forty-eight guitar
Michael he understands them then we walk
down he took his time party
[Applause]
[Music]
got it
[Applause]
my lifetime a moment or history look at
what we call the shot we have had
three-point drama here in the final
minutes of the game
any regular timeout Pittman brings it
across defended by Harper 11
oh this tells it all we want to have the
ball greatest clutch performer in
playoffs history
has to be
what I've always said about Michael is
he never feared the consequences of
missing here's our story here at
Richfield Coliseum one of these teams
will advance to the Eastern Conference
semifinals against the New York Knicks
and I'll tell you interesting story
about about the greatness of Michael
Jordan Doug Collins began to say he
wanted to pass the ball that day
according and that's when Jordan slammed
his fist on the clipboard and said give
me the effing ball as the Bulls break
the huddle Jordan whispers to his
teammate Craig Hodges I'm going to make
it the Bulls have three seconds
to try a shot
[Applause]
sellers has Jordan
you
Cavs coach Lenny welcome to here Jordi
I'll go home go home to Cavs fans dear
bye you're going to New York get the
ball Michael everybody gets
just how famous he was bird was famous
magic was famous Michael had a different
level of just when you hopped in it was
like a hurricane just every eye in the
building is always on him it's not good
to stop him Muhammad Ali you know it was
like Michael Jordan phenomena all these
kids standing taking pictures and like
reaching out to touch him it's like I
compare it to typically about people
reaching out trying to touch touch
Christ
Jocelyn's fortune magazine did some
number crunching to calculate how much
money Jordan has generated in his career
show me the money aspect of Michael
Jordan incorporate show me tomate his
cologne has reportedly raped in a
hundred and fifty five million dollars
Michael Jordan was the one who made fans
watch and Michael Jordan was the one who
made fans five no one moves more jerseys
than number 23 also the world's
highest-paid athlete he makes more than
thirty million dollars a year does doing
TV commercials like these
[Music]
[Applause]
he was born with killer instinct as you
can't learn it you can't create it you
can't teach it you can't coach it you're
either built that way or you're not
[Applause]
back if he could fly this really magical
on television and it brought people who
were not basketball fans and just at the
sheer majesty and grace
[Music]
oh yeah yeah yeah
we had dethroned the Celtics we had to
throw on the Lakers and we thought that
we deserved a little bit of respect as a
champion who won god's name would stop
Michael Jordan first of all the game was
fall more physical when Michael Jordan
so I mean the Jimmy came back a little
stronger shoulders were looking bigger
in their time right there's no hand
checking now you touch them now it's a
foul you really had to rip somebody's
head off in court understand what you're
gonna play he never complained Rick
Mahorn in those guys Kevin McHale moans
got beat him to a pulp and he's still
averaged 360 tongue
[Applause]
[Music]
just to walk off if you have it - over
again but you shake hands with the bulls
season has concluded by the Chicago
Bulls advance to the
championship round
complements him but not a perfect team
he carries this team
rarely do players carry Kings to wins
much less championship and we got out on
about 12 to 2 and I said I'm home I'm
gonna really rattle his change so I went
over there tapping one so they say hey
man if you don't turn into air jordan
we're gonna blow you out today Jimmy his
eyes got big
that Tumtum about right here now we're
looking at me
[Applause]
[Music]
hortence toward the 46 that was the over
one loss of the series
michael has a streak in him
competitively that I've never seen in
anyone before perfect body this loan is
lean he can run now he would jump
everything was perfect Michael Jordan in
1991 came down on us with the right hand
turnout he swims in midair to the left
[Applause]
all of us was stunned the scene hanging
in the air
[Applause]
incredible then that would be moral is
you should not talk trash to Michael
Jordan Portland and Chicago it was
almost inevitable for the Bulls there
are great expectations of a different
kind
this team has its championship now it
seeks its place in history like this a
series that features two of the NBA's
premier players of Michael Jordan
two superstars B Jordan Drexel matcha
Michael never played with a player that
will get TT so you had to carry that
offensive load for not just a season an
entire career and then on the other end
B first team all-defensive player that
these super teams nobody will ever have
that burden put on something was given
to us by the notoriety by the media fans
that super stardom and we have to
protect it because everybody's coming in
trying to
[Applause]
this situation this buildup the B Jordan
versus Drexler Michael Jordan Center
okay
and by building
[Applause]
think about the comparison
someone said how about 30 points
Jordan made the point
chosen to shoot
[Applause]
one
chosen to look for the career
see Michael bombing it away that's his
3/4 time Jordan made only 27 the entire
regular season
[Applause]
if the aura of being Michael Jordan
hopefully
[Applause]
the greatest competitor the scariest
competitor I've ever watched in any
sports
[Applause]
considering the relative youth of their
nucleus they could be in position to
extend towards the dynasty is not of
this world
and there was an otherworldly aspect to
Michael Jordan that that he did things
that nobody else could do more than half
the century the US was so dominant in
basketball that its collegiate players
were all that was needed to win the gold
and here's a frosting
[Applause]
both other countries are using pros fit
against 18 19 year-old kids that is
really unfair the loss after loss for US
basketball of these tournaments and what
was once a golden tradition has paled
into something less distance ago the
dream team boarded the bus outside their
hotel along the ramblas I kept thinking
that the attention would dissipate
they're gonna play the first game
they're gonna win by 60 nothing like
that ever and even in that with all
these guys being tremendous competitors
I have to say Michael is probably most
competitive in that whole 6 X guard
the bench is taking pitches
[Applause]
koujun its what moment reads him so
well and watch out
so suddenly the lead stretches to 15
prior to the u.s. beating these teams by
60 points they pose its fifth court it's
a watershed moment in the history of
sports not just not just the Olympics
not just basketball
never before and never again there be
such a team yes look at these numbers 31
straight points at one stretch 46 to one
run by the United States gave birth to
international stars who had nothing to
do with those gains in 92 but took so
much
[Applause]
Oh bye-bye Bruce Alexander you have a
delay again now if you step over I'm
gonna have to call it Rodman will defend
on the inbounds Pippen will toss in BJ
Armstrong is on the floor for the role
the inbounds a Cartwright to Jordan
[Applause]
he is
player who ever lived really
undisputable Luminex BP Chicago Bulls
last night to even up their playoff
series one game apiece and somehow the
Knicks managed to contain Michael Jordan
to just 15 points
[Applause]
we just fell apart original going home
do we have a chilly recovery when you
mentioned the team Jordan went through
those Knicks especially I mean Mason
Oakley Ewing Jordan's going to the hole
against them
[Applause]
there's some football good yeah in the
ninth row you get chucked with all
[Applause]
and he shot a movie
what he did on offensive end on the
defensive
[Applause]
and then you couple that with all that I
have lettuce ISM then his confidence
skyrocket
[Applause]
he talks a lot of trash and he had on
everything came together
[Music]
by starch the granule
[Applause]
[Music]
fameless' idly competitive's like really
like almost you could say he had a
problem he was so competitive his entire
life just survived on beating other
people that's how he measured himself
that's how he measured everyone he
played with why do they call him a black
cat because he was smooth
[Applause]
larger shoes still top sellers to this
day but you've talked about retirement
in a year or two could you step aside if
the streak is still intact my love is
strong for this game right now that's
how I'm looking at it and I'm gonna be
here as long to my larva store last
night we began the show with the
disappearance of Michael Jordan's father
my worst fears have come true
James Jordan was found dead what is
still unclear and will be for some time
is what effect this tragedy will have on
Michael Jordan and his future with his
Chicago Bulls
the greatest ever play a team sport is
leaving the game I can only imagine what
it was like seeing Babe Ruth because I
think this man I used to say was the
Babe Ruth of basketball I've now come to
believe the fav Ruth was the Michael
Jordan of baseball when Michael Jordan
first retired from the Chicago Bulls in
October of 1993 following his father's
murder the sports world was shot four
months later
Jordan dropped another bombshell he
decided to pursue a career in baseball
and then he goes to play baseball it was
a complete basis like this is my chance
to get it yes Jordan retired will you're
going to eight straight NBA Finals one
could argue that yeah yeah yeah of
course we all believe that
35 seconds away
to the 1994 NBA World
the NBA tried to plan for his retirement
tried to promote other players like the
Lakers Shaquille O'Neal but the shoe
company Reebok recently cancelled Shaq's
shoe contract it is the NBA without
Michael Jordan
I think the NBA without Michael Jordan
is in deep trouble just being given
opportunity something that I can feel
very privileged about I mean the white
sauce gave me an opportunity just to go
out there and see what type of skills I
have and Jordan returns to the NBA on
NBC at noon Eastern yes that was 636
days ago so
[Applause]
[Music]
bird is number 23
wings to the rafters in Chicago Michael
Jordan has returned and he's wearing
number 45 a lot of special moments in
NBA basketball usually the opening game
of the season the playoffs seventh game
of the series the finals I don't know
that
[Applause]
Michael Jordan's return to the NBA
whereas Jordan is the undisputed goat
like there's I mean really no debate
make-a-wish the greatest that's ever
play greatest one ever played yeah you
you go right there no question about it
[Applause]
[Music]
he just a super superstar like you said
bill he was a celebrity he wasn't a
basketball player he was a celebrity
and I'll tell you the kicker I can't
even describe what that was like if we
put it on primetime
but Michael brought it to a whole nother
level and took it in the nation' the
magical mystical Jordan road tour 1995
the Bulls are 2 & 2 since his return and
one of the most asked questions in
America most often asked is how is
Michael doing how is his return
[Applause]
motor starts told me moments ago the
Knicks still plan to have him go
one-on-one no double teaming he wasn't
intimidated before and he's not now and
he says he's eager for the challenge
moments away from tip-off there is John
Starks he's been a little bit of a swap
lately offensively but he does play
Michael Jordan very well early in the
game 17 20 first quarter points for
Michael George I know what it must seem
like to a younger generation guys it's
ridiculous
no matter what LeBron does if he's not
perfect then he's not Jordan yeah Jordan
set a standard of near perfection and I
will strike down upon thee with great
vengeance and
those who attempt to poison and destroy
my brother
well you could make a legitimate
argument that collectively a team may
have been better than the Chicago Bulls
but they didn't have them jack
[Music]
to take the game 20 years into the
future where he has no fucking pier
there was no arguments about who the
best guy in the league was the Chicago
Bulls weren't unstoppable force during
the 1995-96 campaign fat 95-96 Bulls
team is the greatest professional sports
team I have ever seen in any league at
any time and Michael Jordan's first full
season back after giving baseball a try
the Bulls won an NBA record 72 games in
the regular season when they terrorized
the playoffs
good morning ladies and gentlemen
welcome to flight 23 it was for everyone
in the league didn't matter who you were
you weren't getting anything when Jordan
[Applause]
[Music]
most celebrated fans Spike Lee and
through most of the country really is
that these NBA Finals loom not so much
as a competition as a coronation
you know it's certainly two wins you
know all the consecutive winnings games
that will won but by no means do we want
to do all the end in to be a team to
lose to the CIO super-science in the
finals he has come all the way back to
best player and MVP status 63 wins
Sonic's team and beat them in six games
the fools were able to complete the
dream season and win the franchise's
fourth NBA title after defeating the
Sonics in Game six Michael Jordan yep
once again named Finals MVP his fourth
MVP trophy in his many tries watch this
I'm gonna fly through the air how about
that
career high 67 points and you folks were
here see he was the first guy that would
literally fly through the fucking air
slamming in thumps when you would see it
on the highlight reels on my gspn you
would see it on the news and people just
be stand there shaking their head maybe
it was an innocent question from Michael
Jordan is it Byron or Brian Russell but
it drew Russell's fire
Brian the responding is it Michael or
Michelle now on the one hand you got to
give Brian props for not backing down
but on the other
yo B that's my
[Music]
baby
[Applause]
there is a big story going around this
building right now
Michael Jordan is sick and missed the
shoot around he walked in the arena
suited and booted when you didn't have
to come in suited and booted three-piece
suits tie knotted up
it showed you how to be a professional
you're suffering from flu-like symptoms
made its way honor the court just
moments ago and as you see
[Music]
[Applause]
dependence and the 600 million watching
around the world ladies and gentlemen
[Applause]
for suckers
able to get to the offensive glass
Malone's got the three fouls I mean it
was the man could hardly walk he could
hardly breathe
and he elevated himself did you give up
the Negev oh you know so I didn't want
to give up no matter how sick I was my
tire I was you know low on energy I was
[Applause]
over again just like Michelangelo
repainting the Sistine Chapel over and
over again ready to fall over he's got
his teeth tied now
when they call the timeout how he came
out of the ballgame and plopped on the
seat and that's what he did he just
brought it that would take the Gatorade
he doesn't wanna waste any energy
no high-fives no lifting water to his
mouth he is exhausted
for me as long as he plays the game he's
gonna amaze there's no matter what
[Music]
anyone Scotty as they walked off the
floor I'm not sure he had full mobility
fallenness by the flu
Michael Jordan performance that I think
will go down as one of the greatest of
his career because of the situation
[Music]
[Applause]
from the physicality standpoint he was
actually an underdog from the position
of getting beat up Jordan rules
[Applause]
at one time we played the Bulls we get
off the bus before the game Jordan parks
insiders for large we're getting off the
bus baseball this signal for the game
before the game he's like who's going
[Music]
[Applause]
in his heart Michael already knew
cookies would be his last games and and
and he just got better and better I mean
he was I've never seen a guy that I
thought was as good as anybody I'd ever
seen five years later he was ten times
better than five years later ten times
better game six in Utah for the Bulls a
win would be a championship for Michael
between the cementing of his legacy
inside they've already begun the chant
of beat the volge
Jordan preparing God what you do have to
transcend the generations in order to
retain your place as the goat here's
Michael he's got 21 ichael Jordan always
took his game to another level
Georgie pulls up like we've never seen
before and connects 25 forever six
titles six Finals MVP that mean it was
all about you each series you were the
mismatch
he's still Michael Jordan whatever he
has lost through fatigue through age
through whatever has only brought him so
caught back to the field he still leads
the field he became the most dangerous
man alive
cross-court Stockton a3
[Applause]
those two three peaks did Jordan pants
those are hard those are hard to compare
anything none of us ever saw what he was
going to do is we thought it was gonna
be great
[Applause]
brings up to within one Mike
with 45 6 NBA Finals MVP s without ever
allowed a game something Chicago 17
seconds Michael Jordan has the greatest
basketball players better than LeBron
that isn't old me then
[Applause]
[Music]
and three pink
the greatest basketball player of all
time and he still is
[Applause]
[Music]